.TH GIT-ZPLY-SYNC 1 "18 Oct 2014" "git-zply 0.1"
.SH NAME
git zply-sync - Sync patches into patch repo
.SH SYNOPSIS
.I git zply-sync
.B [-b <branch>] [-h] [-pP] [-r <patch-repo-dir>] [-v] <patches-dir>
.SH DESCRIPTION
Copies patch files into patch repo and then adds them to the
.I git index.
Removes any patches in the patch repo that are no longer necessary.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS -b <branch>
Checkout out this branch in the patch repo before syncing
.SS -h
Print help
.SS -p
Pull remote patch repo before sync. Overrides
.I ZPLY_PATCH_REPO_PULL
environment variable.
.SS -P
Do not pull remote patch repo before sync. Overrides
.I ZPLY_PATCH_REPO_PULL
environment variable.
.SS -r <patch-repo-dir>
Patch repo directory path. Must supply this if ZPLY_PATCH_REPO_DIR is not set.
.SS -v
Print version to
.I stdout
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SS ZPLY_COLOR
Colorize output
.SS ZPLY_PATCH_REPO_BRANCH
Name of remote's branch to pull before syncing
.SS ZPLY_PATCH_REPO_PULL
Whether to pull remote patch repo before sync. '1' to pull, '0' to disable.
.SS ZPLY_PATCH_REPO_REMOTE
Name of remote to pull before syncing
.SH EXIT STATUS
0 if no changes
.P
1 if changes were synced
.P
2 on error
.SH BUGS
Report any bugs at
.I https://github.com/rconradharris/zply
.SH AUTHOR
Rick Harris <rconradharris@gmail.com>
.SH EXAMPLES
git zply-format -o .patches HEAD~10
.P
git zply-sync .patches ../patch-repo
.SH SEE ALSO
.B git-apply-patches(1), git-commit-patches(1), git-refresh-patches(1), git-zply-diff(1), git-zply-fixup(1), git-zply-format(1)
